1) explain analog and digital trasmission.

Analog Transmission
An analog wave form (or signal) is characterized by being continuously variable along amplitude and frequency. 
In the case of telephony, for instance, when you speak into a handset, there are changes in the air pressure around your mouth. 
Those changes in air pressure fall onto the handset, where they are amplified and then converted into current, or voltage fluctuations.
Those fluctuations in current are an analog of the actual voice pattern—hence the use of the term analog to describe these signals.

Analog facilities have limited bandwidth, which means they cannot support high-speed data. 
Another characteristic of analog is that noise is accumulated as the signal traverses the network. 
As the signal moves across the distance, it loses power and becomes impaired by factors such as moisture in the cable, dirt on a contact, 
and critters chewing on the cable somewhere in the network. By the time the signal arrives at the amplifier, it is not only attenuated, 
it is also impaired and noisy. One of the problems with a basic amplifier is that it is a dumb device. All it knows how to do is to add power, 
so it takes a weak and impaired signal, adds power to it, and brings it back up to its original power level. But along with an increased signal, 
the amplifier passes along an increased noise level. So in an analog network, each time a signal goes through an amplifier, it accumulates noise. 
After you mix together coffee and cream, you can no longer separate them. The same concept applies in analog networks: After you mix the signal and the noise,
you can no longer separate the two, and, as a result, you end up with very high error rates


Digital Transmission
Digital transmission is quite different from analog transmission. For one thing, the signal is much simpler. 
Rather than being a continuously variable wave form, it is a series of discrete pulses, representing one bits and zero bits (see Figure 2.10).
 Each computer uses a coding scheme that defines what combinations of ones and zeros constitute all the characters in a 
character set (that is, lowercase letters, uppercase letters, punctuation marks, digits, keyboard control functions).

How the ones and zeros are physically carried through the network depends on whether the network is electrical or optical. In electrical networks, 
one bits are represented as high voltage, and zero bits are represented as null, or low voltage. 
In optical networks, one bits are represented by the presence of light, and zero bits are represented by the absence of light. 
The ones and zeros—the on/off conditions—are carried through the network, and the receiving device repackages the ones and zeros to determine what 
character is being represented. Because a digital signal is easier to reproduce than an analog signal, we can treat it with a little less care in the network. 
Rather than use dumb amplifiers, digital networks use regenerative repeaters, also referred to as signal regenerators. As a strong, clean, digital pulse travels over a 
distance, it loses power, similar to an analog signal. The digital pulse, like an analog signal, is eroded by impairments in the network.
But the weakened and impaired signal enters the regenerative repeater, where the repeater examines the signal to determine what was supposed to be a one and what was 
supposed to be a zero. The repeater regenerates a new signal to pass on to the next point in the network, in essence eliminating noise and thus vastly improving the error rate.

2) what is ISDN explain in detail.


3) what are designing issue of datalink layer.

4) what are slinding windows protocal.

5) write about conjection control algorithm.

6) what is OSI reference model write about network structure and architechture of OSI layer.